Port over OoT's new text pipeline (#1685)
zeldaret/mm: assets/text/charmap.txt

> # Determines how certain text sequences should be encoded. The text sequence is
> # converted to either the first or second tuple element based on whether the
> # target encoding is the "wide" encoding. The first element is for the non-wide
> # encoding, used for all languages besides JP, while the second element is for
> # the wide encoding, used for JP, the third element is for encoding credits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Determines how certain text sequences should be encoded. The text sequence is
# converted to one of the tuple elements based on the chosen encoding:
#   Element 1: Non-wide encoding, for text other than Japanese text and the credits.
#   Element 2: For Japanese text.
#   Element 3: For credits text.
```
